README.md, before:

Original distribution from Jagir Hussain before any modification.
This note contains documentation & installation instruction.

## Direct deployment on fresh Linux VM

Requirements:
* MySQL server 5.5+
* OpenJDK 7
* JBoss AS Final 7.1

Installation:

1. Install MySQL server. Follow installation steps from [MySQL reference manual](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/).

2. We need to create three databases in MySQL server: `pacsdb`, `CAP` and `CAPUSERS` databases. The `pacsdb` database follows standard open PACS table relationship, which we will use [`dcm4chee`](https://dcm4che.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ee2/MySQL) script to create it.

  Create pacsdb database:
  ```
> mysql -u root -p
mysql> create database pacsdb;
mysql> grant all on pacsdb.* to 'pacs'@'localhost' identified by 'pacs';
mysql> \q
```
  Run `pacsdb` database creation setup script from `deploy/sql` directory.
  ```{bash}
> mysql -upacs -ppacs < create-pacsdb.mysql
```
  This will create a database called `pacsdb` and a user `pacs` who has access and privileges to do anything only if it accesses the database from localhost. The password for user `pacs` is `pacs`.

3. Create `CAP` and `CAPUSERS` databases with user `cap2.0` to manage them.
  ```
> mysql -u root -p
mysql> create database CAP;
mysql> grant all on CAP.* to 'cap2.0'@'%' identified by 'cap2.0';
mysql> create database CAPUSERS;
mysql> grant all on CAPUSERS.* to 'cap2.0'@'%' identified by 'cap2.0';
```
  Run database creation setup scripts from `deploy/sql` directory.
  ```{bash}
> mysql -uroot -p < create-capdb.mysql
> mysql -uroot -p < create-capusers.mysql
```
   Note for some reason, it needs root user.

4. Install OpenJDK 7.

   Make sure the correct version of java is used. You can check it by
  ```
> java -version
java version "1.7.0_99"
```
  it should give you version 1.7.xxx. If you have multiple java versions, you must modify the `standalone.conf` or `domain.conf` file to refer the correct JDK environment.

5. Install JBoss Application Server 7.1

Commit message:

Add CAP Admin user script.

README.md, after:

Original distribution from Jagir Hussain before any modification.
This note contains documentation & installation instruction.

## Direct deployment on fresh Linux VM

Requirements:
* MySQL server 5.5+
* OpenJDK 7
* JBoss AS Final 7.1

Installation:

1. Install MySQL server. Follow installation steps from [MySQL reference manual](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/).

2. We need to create three databases in MySQL server: `pacsdb`, `CAP` and `CAPUSERS` databases. The `pacsdb` database follows standard open PACS table relationship, which we will use [`dcm4chee`](https://dcm4che.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ee2/MySQL) script to create it.

  Create pacsdb database:
  ```
> mysql -u root -p
mysql> create database pacsdb;
mysql> grant all on pacsdb.* to 'pacs'@'localhost' identified by 'pacs';
mysql> \q
```
  Run `pacsdb` database creation setup script from `deploy/sql` directory.
  ```{bash}
> mysql -upacs -ppacs < create-pacsdb.mysql
```
  This will create a database called `pacsdb` and a user `pacs` who has access and privileges to do anything only if it accesses the database from localhost. The password for user `pacs` is `pacs`.

3. Create `CAP` and `CAPUSERS` databases with user `cap2.0` to manage them.
  ```
> mysql -u root -p
mysql> create database CAP;
mysql> grant all on CAP.* to 'cap2.0'@'%' identified by 'cap2.0';
mysql> create database CAPUSERS;
mysql> grant all on CAPUSERS.* to 'cap2.0'@'%' identified by 'cap2.0';
```
  Run database creation setup scripts from `deploy/sql` directory.
  ```{bash}
> mysql -uroot -p < create-capdb.mysql
> mysql -uroot -p < create-capusers.mysql
```
   Note for some reason, it needs root user.

4. Initiating ADMIN user for CAP2.0 access.

   CAPServer 2.0 uses two databases (`CAP` and `CAPUSERS`) on top of PACS database. You need to create a user ADMIN in order to manage these databases by using the CAPServer 2.0 web front-end.

   Edit `create-capadmin.mysql` and change the admin password there from `admin1234` to your choice.

   Run the script:
   ```
   > mysql -ucap2.0 -pcap2.0 < create-capadmin.mysql
   ```

5. Install OpenJDK 7.

   Make sure the correct version of java is used. You can check it by
  ```
> java -version
java version "1.7.0_99"
```
  it should give you version 1.7.xxx. If you have multiple java versions, you must modify the `standalone.conf` or `domain.conf` file to refer the correct JDK environment.

6. Install JBoss Application Server 7.1
